# Frontend Mentor - Browser extensions manager UI

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)


## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Toggle extensions between active and inactive states
- Filter active and inactive extensions
- Remove extensions from the list
- Select their color theme
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Links
- Live Site URL: [Netlify](https://browser-ui-extension.netlify.app/)

## My process
1. Reading through the README file to understand the expected outcome for the challenge before planning out the tools to use to complete the challenge.
2. Look over the Figma design to figure out the tools I can choose which turned out to be Tailwind and added Typescript to the mix.
3. Wrote out and structured the html while installing the node dependencies, initializing project repository, added variable colors to convert to output generated by tailwind, and added the tailwind css properties to their sections for styles.
4. Installed Typescript to the project to start using it to track bugs before compiling the code into JavaScript.
5. Wrote out dark and light theme classes to toggle when the user clicks to view their preferred theme.
6. Filter the cards between active and inactive toggles when the user clicks the inactive and active buttons. 

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Flexbox
- JavaScript
- Desktop-first workflow
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - For styles


### What I learned
I learned how to display and filter card extensions based on whether their cards toggle was active or inactive by using the foreach concepts to filter and display them. Second thing I learned was to use TypeScript as a superset to show errors JavaScript would accept to write out cleaner JS code for compiling. Next up, was using Tailwind builder to convert the Tailwindcss utility classes into CSS across multiple devices.

### Continued development
I'll continue to keep on sharpening my skills with the CSS frameworks I use for the next challenges and will use Typescript when it makes sense with connection to other JS frameworks.


### Useful resources
- [Typescript Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Typescript documentation was a good resource for setting up Typescript and reading into how to use the language to check and validate the JavaScript code written before pushing the changes to the project repo on Github. 
- [TailwindCSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/) - Spent a good time reading through and getting comfortable using TailwindCSS for the first time. The documentation was of great help for getting things set up and using the css utility classes within the html document for completing the challenge.



## Author
- Frontend Mentor - [@EAguayodev](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/EAguayodev)